{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\froman\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss arial;}{\f5\froman Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs28\b TODO
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par autocomplete
\par 
\par noise channel
\par 
\par add back2roots amiga games to "where to find games" list
\par 
\par fix windib support
\par 
\par 
\par blits.. one array instead of a bunch of linked lists
\par 
\par don't compare case when comparing game ids
\par 
\par patching for bugs as well as copy protection
\par 
\par current todo: cga and multiple games
\par stuff in excel
\par 
\par residence 44 sound is slow
\par 
\par old graphics code bugs:
\par xmas
\par space trek
\par donald duck and the leaping nephews
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par bugs from \plain\lang3081\f5\fs20 Ccromer98@aol.com\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\lang3081\f4\fs20 Donald Ducks Playground has no sound 
\par Mixed Up Mother Goose crashes 
\par Space Quest 2 not recognized 
\par King's Quest 2 not recognized 
\par Manhunter not recognized 
\par Demo Pack 5 not recognized 
\par Gold Rush not recognized 
\par Donald Ducks Playground not recognized\plain\lang3081\f4\fs24  \plain\lang3081\f5\fs24 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par savegames with menu data?
\par 
\par BUG!!!  look croc =- does not work..  **???
\par 
\par replace resources withs omething else (ie, mid for a snd) in the ini file
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par fix build
\par 
\par debug:
\par show view, objects, pic, inverntory.. anything
\par \tab memm layout?
\par profiling
\par detect memory bugs (discard discards other things)
\par 
\par tracing commands
\par cmd <cmd name>
\par run
\par show <view, object>
\par step
\par stuff
\par 
\par 
\par rewrite code that uses disassmebled source
\par 
\par sdl acknowledge ment
\par GAME SELECTION CODE AT START OF NAGI!
\par MOUSE SUPPORT!
\par FIX WACKY INI FILES - Justin
\par fix inis to be more inherited.
\par different adventure types when score increases..(0/100.. novice.. stuff like that)
\par 
\par midi sound
\par thin lines
\par selecting different wave generators
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par directory formats:
\par .\tab (work)
\par ..\tab (work)
\par ...\tab (work)
\par a:  \tab  (DOESN'T work)
\par a:\\\tab (work)
\par c:\\directory\\something (work)
\par c:\\directory\\something\\\tab (DOESN'T work)
\par ' '\tab (weird.. test this??)
\par \\\tab (works)
\par \\format\\stuff\tab (works)
\par \\format\\stuff\\\tab (doesn't)
\par blah\\blah\tab (works)
\par blah\\blah\\\tab (DOESN'T)
\par 
\par c:coding\tab \tab (these do not work). (shoudl they?)
\par c:coding\\
\par a:coding\\blah
\par a:coding\\blah\\
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par if sound disabled in nagi.ini.. should be reflected in status bar.
\par 
\par space trek bugs.. need 2.440 stuff
\par justin's idea: converting sierra saves to nagi saves
\par \tab opening source
\par add mouse support for menus 'n stuff
\par website: where to get agi games
\par \tab games available
\par for the standard.ini
\par 
\par windows on top of other windows..  fade the text?
\par command history.. go up with arrow keys or something?
\par 
\par read original sierra agi savegames
\par check keypad for original keyboards
\par 
\par menus mouse
\par games in a excell list
\par - eval_name offset (not done)
\par add LOGIC NAME OFFSET!!
\par varset
\par if a setting doesn't exist?  check the default v2 or v3 section??
\par what happens if there's one with no crc's?? does it automatically match it??
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b Bugs\plain\f2\fs20 
\par ----------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par xmas.. a line is missing on the left of characters (sometimes)
\par this is CONSISTANT behaviour of 2.917 .
\par will have to check lower versions for difference
\par 
\par menus:
\par at the moment, the uses set.mem.ptr after it sets up the menus
\par this means that logic.160 is still in memory even AFTER it's been discarded.
\par the only solution is to duplicate the strings at the moment.
\par 
\par investigate restore for mixed up goose (state select not available yet)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b Different AGI Standards\plain\f2\fs20 
\par ----------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\li360\fi-360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}read the default from the ini as well
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}add a reason why there's different version support
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}add homemade games to list
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}all-level inheritance
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}object padding
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}cursors from amiga games
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}add agi.standard to savegame
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}mouse input type (buff_bri or controller mode)
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}set max num commands
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}gr/larry/kq4 cracks
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}version control (ie.. kq4 .. uses v3.098)
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}compare CRCs
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}an ini file with the game that sets the standard
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b Game Select\plain\f2\fs20 
\par ----------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\li360\fi-360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}add "read qa file" to game options
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}menu to select the game
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}new dialogs (progress, selector, message with several options)
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b General
\par \plain\f2\fs20 ----------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\li360\fi-360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}option to encrypt object file in save games
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}have a dialogue box instead of at bottom of screen??
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}flags with bits instead of bytes
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}longer game.id
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}transition screens (like amiga)
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}scale clock to speed setting(for harder kq3 games)
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}if file is missing.. don't keep on going"insert disk".. offer a quit command too
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}save  old sdl driver environment variables
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}default speed as well?  for apple and kq4 demo
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}logging??
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}investigate the different window open variables
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}REWRITE EVENTS WITH JOYSTICK.. MISSING FUNCT
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}size: flags(bit set), pack the structs.. reduce number of strings.. reduce the heap compile with size optimisations
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}state select function
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}FIX TIME.C  (tickcounter is wrong)
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}run amiga/appleii/mac games
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}the objects file.  some algorithm to see if it's 2.0 or 2.9
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}debug (hah)
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}various commands (see func.to.do.txt)
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}random based on another timer?
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}join up a bunch of similar include files
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}check ida to make sure all functions from text and sound are called
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20 
\par [09:43] <IRememberLarry> you could do one little thing.
\par [09:44] <JayFive> have an option where the ego looks like larry all the time?
\par [09:44] <JayFive> no matter what game yer playing?
\par [09:45] <IRememberLarry> but i thought more along the lines of...
\par [09:45] <IRememberLarry> rename it the "Larry Rulez AGI Interpreter"
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b Sound
\par \plain\f2\fs20 ----------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\li360\fi-360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}REWRITE SOUND
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}volume
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}clipping noise
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}pause music when losing focus
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}noise
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b View
\par \plain\f2\fs20 ----------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b UI\plain\f2\fs20 
\par ---------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\li360\fi-360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}fix up sensitivity??
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}test!
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b Done
\par \plain\f2\fs20 ----------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\li360\fi-360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}blit mirror is complete
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}mysterious sticky line is fixed
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}why does the view disappear below a certain point? fixed
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}alternative walk mode .. done
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}invert characters
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}sprintf <-- use the libraries unless it uses some exotic thingy
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}word loader <-- done
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}error <-- done pretty much.. just need to clear the memory
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}new room << ---- done.. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}TIMER for SECONDS!!
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}get key cmd
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}malloc and free.. check them <-- all lists are properly free'd
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}view:
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}update_graph (objects more like) FIX
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}views.s.. ugh
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}test all viewcommands!
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}agi error
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}kb_watch
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}sound
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}get string
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}control key map
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}//res
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}save/restore  < -DOOOONNEEEEE.. just need to be able to select games
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}view obj
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}compate strings
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}follow ego
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}standard.ini default for v2 v3
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}need version.major
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}version.minor
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}force
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}tracing
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}scrolling
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}v3 support
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}MOUSE.. CAN'T GO LEFT!!
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}replace view flags with constanst
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}check bounds for mouse
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}in savegames:
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}need to be able to put in "A:\\" and stuff like that
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}variable length filename/directory paths
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}edit messagebox to fix long path bug
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}edit string_Edit to enable longer strings
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}edit getcwd to use variable strings
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20 sqtlc: ship goes OVER planet
\par prints menu in intro??
\par }
 